It's 9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and here in Hong Kong. You're watching
the China Show. I'm Annabelle Drooers
with David and Glaze.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open of markets in greater China.
Let's get to your top stories today.
President Trump is seeking to delay his
meeting with President Xi Jinping,
saying he needs to stay in Washington to
oversee the war in Iran.
>> And on that, Asian stocks are rising,
oil prices stabilizing as the US calls
on allies to help reopen the Strait of
Hummus. The [music] region's chip stocks
getting a boost from Nvidia's trillion
dollar sales forecast.
>> Also ahead, the RBA is set for a second
straight rate hike as elevated energy
costs and supply chain disruptions
reignite inflation.
>> And Alibaba planning a major revamp of
its sprawling AI ventures to focus on
making sure it's able to monetize its
big investments.
>> [music]
>> right? Uh welcome to the program. Lots
of things to [music]
get into uh when we look at markets
today. You have obviously two the two
major themes which is of course the
ongoing [music]
uh war in the Middle East and of course
that has now gone into the uh has now
directly affected in fact the upcoming
still potentially upcoming summit now uh
between the Americans and the Chinese
and our understanding is of course
President Trump has said that he has
requested a for that need to be pushed
back. Of course there are I guess other
things on his mind that he needs to
attend to. Uh the other thing of course
that markets are trying to digest as
well and could be the positive offset is
the NVIDIA story overnight. We know the
trillion dollar figure uh but it's also
around the product launches not just
from Nvidia but how it affects an entire
ecosystem uh into where we are in the
Asia Pacific.
>> Yeah, that's right. I mean it's a it's a
huge sales projection of course $1
trillion in sales through the end of
2027. But yes, that that deeper push
that we're seeing into CPUs, uh, you
know, looking at at what kind of
semiconductors it can introduce as well
because it acquired the startup Grock.
Uh, so yeah, lots of different threads
there, but I think kind of going back to
that bigger macro macro picture really,
it does come back down to what we're
seeing in Iran in particular. and and
and and just to to finish off that point
as well, that delay that we've got to
the summit. I do think it's interesting
when you did actually have officials, US
and Chinese officials meeting in Paris
just to hash out the details, but we've
already got this delay. I do think
though, is it a delay that Beijing maybe
wants to see?
>> Well, maybe it was part of the
conversations on the weekend, you know,
hashing out the agenda, but also maybe
um a bit of a nudge. We'll see, of
course, whether or not that was of
course the intention and design. Now
just looking at that too when we look at
markets right so a couple of things uh
what we tend to see over the last two
weeks or so is you have periodic rallies
when oil is just up by this amount on
your screen. So you're getting the good
themes coming through through these
windows transitory windows when you have
oil somewhat behaving itself. Um so you
have the tech play coming through as
well 2.6%
uh to the upside. Uh let's please have a
look at where we are as far as the other
big stories are concerned. Right. We
talked about monetary policy inflation
and in the form of the RBA actually
right so majority
um of economists think they will hike
today it's not a small minority that
think they'll hold 65% so it's 2/3
probability in the rates markets so
either way someone is going to get
disappointed either way we'll likely see
some form of reaction here the dollar is
steading following declines we had on
Monday um equity markets let's have a
look that please Nick Cosby it's also
worth pointing out that the the tech
rally is more pronounced in Korea and in
Taiwan which is coming online. Uh
volumes are not where you would expect
them to be. Uh so really low conviction
when you look at the price rally today.
S&P futures are in fact now done. We're
still trying to also figure out the
developments in the Middle East where
you have the UAE. Of course we
understand the airspace is still closed.
Um non exciting open uh by the looks of
futures right now. When you look at
China, it's the yield curve that you
want to pay attention to. The spread
between depends, right? 10 and 30 or in
this case, it's the one in 30, which is
effectively now steepest in several
months, in some cases in several years.
But yes, more on that in a moment.
>> Yeah. In the meantime though, let's get
back to our top stories. That is of
course what's happening with the US and
China, what's happening as well, the
latest in Iran. But we'll bring in our
chief North Asia correspondent, Steven
Angel, our politics editor as well,
Laura Davidson, joining us from Tokyo
this morning. But Steve, I think we can
get started with you because I mean
you've been saying for a while that you
thought maybe this might not actually go
ahead on the on the planned schedule at
least between the US and China. So what
exactly is happening here?
>> I have to keep my opinion away from the
facts that we know. And the facts we
know right now obviously are that uh
Donald Trump is saying I think I have
other priorities right now and Scott
Besson is talking about the logistics do
not line up for a summit in Beijing uh
given the concerns of the war and also
just the the size and scope of such a
high-profile meeting in Beijing at the
end of this month on March 31st and into
April. Uh my opinion to a certain degree
has always been why would Beijing
welcome Donald Trump at this time to
Beijing to allow him to essentially bang
the drums of trying to get support for
this war which already you know the
Chinese foreign minister Wangi has
called totally unacceptable and they
have made a number of different comments
about um you know basically denigrating
the aims in this war in Iran. In fact,
Global Times dismissed uh Trump's call
for China's help uh with the straight of
Hormuz uh in paper in their paper
yesterday. Of course, this is a state
media as an attempt to spread the risk
of a war that Washington started and
can't finish. So, state media is saying
what a lot of people I assume in Beijing
are thinking right now. Now is not the
right time to have a summit between
these two gentlemen. So, they're going
to be pushing it off. M uh what specific
confirmation should we be expecting or
should we be watching whether or not to
actually put finality to this? I want to
say speculation because now I we know
one side has asked for it.
>> Yeah. So Donald Trump is requesting a
delay. I would imagine Beijing could
possibly respond when the day opens in
Beijing. Right now it's 9:07. Uh there
there will be a foreign ministry
briefing later in the afternoon. We
could get comments or we could get
silence. I'm not quite sure. Uh but
again, I think there's some narration
games going on. Scott Bessant again is
saying he rejected speculation that
Trump was threatening uh to delay this
trip to China to help reopen the street
uh of Hormuz. You know, that's not the
narrative that they want to push. Uh he
calls it a false narrative. So right now
it is simply in the hands they're trying
to the White House is trying to
basically convey that this is a
logistics problem. Um and we'll have to
see what Beijing Beijing I'm sure does
not want to have this summit happen with
the backdrop of the war.
>> Yeah. And you know so clearly we've
connected the two. So my my question is
it it to your point right it's a
logistics issue. There are other things
that are occupying of course the white
house. Uh there was a narrative that
emerged yesterday which was this was
simply Donald Trump putting pressure on
the Chinese
>> to help him out in the fire he started
in the Middle East when it comes to the
straight of moves. What's happened with
that view at this point in time?
>> Well, that's what the Global Times was
responding to and that's what Scott
Bessant was responding to. Right. So
that's not the narrative that Donald
Trump or the White House uh you know are
is trying to convey right now. They're
trying to simply say it's not the right
time. Obviously, look, we've been
reporting as well. I was in Beijing for
the last couple of weeks. We were
reporting that sources were essentially
saying Beijing wanted to delay this from
the start. They wanted maybe late April
or even later because the ducks are not
in a row for the deliverables for China
or the United States cuz they were
complaining about a lack of preparation
and consultation on what will the
deliverables be. Now again, I'm
speculating here, but if Beijing is
sitting there on the stage with Donald
Trump and Donald Trump starts going off
on tangents about the war and this and
that, that is not a deliverable the
Chinese necessarily want.
>> Yeah, exactly. All right, Steve. Uh,
we'll bring Laura in now because Laura,
as Steve was saying there around China,
of course, not wanting to get involved
in this conflict, it seems like many
other countries don't as well, even
though President Trump is still
reiterating his call for and other
nations to step in.
Yes, Trump is really out there uh on an
island right now. he has uh you know
sort of bered allies calling out NATO in
particular calling out China um asking
for help securing the straight of Hormuz
asking for military support he uh
mentioned uh the UK prime minister
Starmer yesterday when he was talking to
reporters saying that Starmer was
hesitant to give support and and and
said that he told him look the US will
remember if you don't back us in this
war. So Trump is getting increasingly
angry at what he sees as um allies not
coming uh to the US's defense. Of
course, Trump didn't do anything to
build any support for this um ahead of
the attack or really even after uh the
attack started on what the object
objective is here, what he's looking
for. Um Trump is sort of in a a a both a
geopolitical as well as a economic
crisis of his own making here as he
tries to figure out both how to how to
navigate uh the war, the path forward
here, as well as um what to do with
energy prices, which are a big domestic
uh political issue for him. Um this
whole delay also acknowledges that this
war is not going to end soon. the
potential delay of of the the Trump she
summit. Uh you know the White House is
essentially acknowledging they see this
going on for weeks uh if not
significantly longer.
>> Yeah. Laura, just to also mention we
have an update now um as it pertains to
UAE and the airspace and we understand
of course they have now said that air
navigation has returned to normal across
the airspace. Now of course from
experience this time yesterday we know
that could change just like that but
that is of course encouraging news.
Laura, get us up to speed, please, on I
woke up this morning, flurry of
headlines of attacks, missiles,
interceptions. What what what is the
latest as far as that's concerned?
>> Yeah, we've seen a really a barriage of
attacks um from Iran to US allies um in
in the Gulf region there. This is part
of the strategy of Iran here is right,
they can't uh you know uh they don't
really have the capability to attack the
US directly. Of course, there are bases
and and and military outposts in the
region, but they can put pressure on
US's allies. Um they're, you know,
continuing to make life very difficult
for people, you know, where they have to
close airspace. People are unable to go
to work and school. Of course, energy
prices are rising. There's there's
there's a lot uh that um Iran can do.
And their their hope is that then those
allies then put pressure on the US
saying, "Look, we can't keep up this
war. We don't have the weapons to do it.
This is unsustainable. This is making
life for our citizens uh uh really
really painful." um you know uh in in
some ways Iran already has Europe uh as
well as you know other allies uh US
allies like um uh Japan Takayichi's
headed to the White House this week um
doing that already. You know they're
really not coming to Trump's defense
even as he asks uh for additional help
here. So the Iran has um some just
structural advantages on its side of
they they're fighting a war that no one
except for the US and Israel really want
to be in.
It's interesting that that President
Trump, even though he is so preoccupied
with what's going on in Iran, has still
started to open the door to this front
in Cuba. Why exactly is he choosing this
moment? Do you think
>> this is a really interesting moment?
This is something that has been on uh
particularly Secretary of State Marco
Rubio's radar for a long time. Trump
even weeks ago said that uh Rubio was
engaging with Cuba. Uh but this is uh
you know he he Trump acknowledged
yesterday that he wanted to do Iran
first uh but then Cuba. That tone though
just over the past you know 12 18 hours
has changed with Trump saying that it
would be an honor to take Cuba musing
about whether Cuba would fall or if the
US would have to you know use some sort
of force to take it over. Uh you know
Trump uh you know is is clearly looking
for uh you know a way to um kind of get
a quick and easy win as Iran has not
gone as expected. You know, Trump at the
beginning of the war said that he
expected uh the this to play out in Iran
like it did in Venezuela. He could the
US could go in quickly, have a pretty
simple and targeted military operation,
depose a leader, and then uh you know,
have a have a very friendly to the US
regime come in. Obviously, that's not
what's played out on the ground and
looks like it could be, you know, a very
difficult um and long road ahead um to
any sort of resolution to the conflict
in Iran. uh you know Trump you know kind
of seeing the the writing on the wall
there is is is you know looking for what
strategically could he do to change the
narrative show strength on the world
stage um as well as you know have a have
a you know a priority that's a that's a
key priority for one of the members of
his cabinet
>> all right Laura thanks very much for
joining us this morning that was our
politics editor Laura Davidson there as
well as our chief North Asia
correspondent Steven Angel but uh coming
up we're going to shift our attention to
Alibaba this is big news of course
setting up the new business [music] unit
to bring its AI services and development
endeavors rather under a single
umbrella. We're watching for the market
reaction to that as well. But we'll have
more ahead [music] as we countdown to
the open of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and Hong Kong. You're watching the China
Show.
You're watching the China show this
morning. We're counting down to the open
of trade about 15 minutes away. You can
see the yuan reference rate at the
bottom of your screen there. So 608961,
not too far off the estimate actually.
But uh some of the things they're
watching in the session today. So you've
got of course the US China summit
updates. We've got the delay. How
exactly is Beijing likely to respond to
that? But Steven Angel was just talking
to us saying this is probably something
they're really going to welcome just
based on how it was actually shaping up.
Uh some of the sectors to track of
course very much Iran related. So you've
got oils, metals, chips, batteries, all
of those in focus. Are you starting to
see any sort of supply chain disruptions
as well, earnings still to track. We've
got actually the Leap Leap Motor rather
uh CEO joining us in the next hour.
That'll be an interesting conversation
uh with Michael Woo of course, but some
other companies as well we're tracking
there include CSPC,
John Lee briefing. That's a regular one
that happens in the session. But Dave,
you're also watching that steeper yield
curve.
>> Yeah. um and some of the inflationary
pressures that are being priced into the
curve, right? I think you had a really
big pop in the 30-year yesterday. It's
steepening certainly and something to
watch [clears throat] as we move into
uh the thick of uh the thick of March
and also just to mention too when you
look at everything else on the earnings
front as well, right? So, CL actually
did of course talk about that last week,
but that's also the battery story and
massive pop in the stock yesterday. and
to talk about one two three the fifth
element on your screens. [laughter]
Minlow is here with us on set to discuss
this. What so what's what's why are we
talking about Alibaba today?
>> So according to a memo internal memo
that Bloomberg has seen Alibaba is going
through a revamp. It's trying to bring
all its AI products and services under a
single umbrella that is going to be
headed by the CEO Eddie Woo. So this
would bring the flagship quen model and
its consumerf facing app um as well as
uh ting which is a slack-l like app for
enterprises the AI smart glasses all of
that will come under a single umbrella
known as Alibaba token hub. So that
title itself already signals that there
is a lot of focus on monetization.
Right? A token is a computing unit that
Alibaba would charge its consumers. Um
and this is also coming at a critical
time because Alibaba has gone through
has seen a very high-profile departure
recently. Uh its key architect behind
the Quen model had left and that really
created a lot of market jitters. We saw
the stock uh falling and there was a lot
of speculation about whether or not more
Alibaba employees would left. The
company has been trying to quell those
speculations, but this is this first
sort of articulation of their new AI
strategy after this high-profile
departure.
>> Yeah, that's Justin Lynn, of course, and
and certainly someone who was seen
really as the star research lead for for
Quinn in particular. We've got the
earnings coming up later this week. How
do you think then that sort of AI
monetization play is likely to factor
into the results? So we will definitely
want to look out for management comments
about this overhaul, whether it would
come with more AI investment for
example. But our Bloomberg intelligence
analysts were saying that this could
lead to quicker, better coordination
between the different AI teams, faster
product iteration as well. And we
understand from sources, people familiar
with the company saying that the company
is looking to launch as soon as this
week its own agentic AI tool for
enterprises that runs on its Quen model.
So this really capitalizes on that
enthusiasm around open claw. Eventually
they will likely want to integrate that
with their existing apps like Tao and
Alip Pay as well. And again this is
something that analysts have said could
lead to higher conversion rate. It could
allow Alibaba to roll out more targeted
perks and maybe roll back discounts
without losing that user engagement.
>> All right, Minimmin, thanks very much
for joining us. That was our China
correspondent, Minimmin Low there. And
just taking a quick look at what's
happening with uh semiconductor names
this morning cuz I think of course we
just got that reaction to Nvidia's uh
GTC event. Very big focus on on the the
trillion dollar product forecast
essentially. Uh it is their biggest
flagship event of the year. But uh
seeing all these companies moving
higher, I think Samsung is really the
one to watch just given they made that
announcement around HBM 4E in
particular. Yeah, we were talking about
this uh when we saw the headline, right?
And in terms of so it was well flagged
anyway HBM4 it's reason why of course
people had been so focused on memory but
it it is there's a reminder again that
things are moving uh quite progressively
when it comes to the story and I think
the Nvidia story too. One of the things
that caught my eye was the was the was
the chip for space and data centers. So,
so Nvidia is essentially saying that
it's it's designed architecture now that
can be specifically used for for
essentially data centers when they do
head into space. This is a very much a a
frontier technology, but one that's
attracting a lot of different investor
interest. I think uh just to sort of
recap on that that Samsung story in
particular. So, HBM4 is going into mass
development now, but HBM 4E is is is the
sort of next step, the sort of
intermediate step. And I think as well
what else Samsung did that was
interesting at the event was unveil some
new technology for packaging. Uh and
this is interesting. So this is hybrid
copper bonding and what they're saying
is that you can have up to 16 layers.
Right now you're around 12 for HBM4. So
16 you're essentially getting uh more
power.
>> Yeah.
>> Pretended I understood that. [laughter]
That's why we have Belle of course to
help us explain that too. Let's get more
in fact on that unveiling of core that
range of new products at the company's
big product event. It's an annual
exercise. The CEO Jensen Hang also
predicting AI processors will generate,
we talked about that, $1 trillion in
sales through 2027. Our colleague Ed
Ledllo has the details.
It's a trillion dollars of sales, but
between 2025 and 2027.
And unlike the forecast we got in
October from the DC edition of GTC, it
lacks some qualifiers and details. So
back in October when they gave us this
$500 billion figure, it was only for
Blackwell and Rubin Systems. It was for
five fiscal quarters through the end of
calendar year 26. And then we found out
later that it also included networking
sales. We don't have that level of of
detail granularity about the 1 trillion
other than it is 2025 to 2027. But what
it does do is push Nvidia's visibility
for its systems further into the decade
through 2027. It's a cumulative figure.
Elsewhere, we got updates on Grock.
Grock with a queue on the inference side
and how its technology is being
integrated into future systems starting
in the second half of this year. We are
going to get specific designs for
space-based data center, an area that
that Nvidia is now admittedly pushing
into. and they want to push deeper into
CPU, right? That's been Intel's
stronghold, but they see value in going
to that and said that it was addressable
market worth multiple billions of
dollars to them. Beyond that, this was
classic GTC. It was the AI Super Bowl
that it always is. And Jensen Wong in a
2 and 1 half hour presentation talked
about how Nvidia is a necessity at every
single layer of the five layer AI cake
that he often talks about. This is Ed
Ledllo for Bloomberg News in San
Francisco.
Yeah. Uh there we go. About 6 minutes 30
seconds to the opening bell. We are
called higher now. 410 of 1% on the Hen
index. Uh some of that might have to do
with Alibaba coming up on your screens
very shortly. Yeah. Uh more on the
trading day ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Right. Uh welcome back. Uh just about
under 5 minutes to the opening bell. On
your screens you have dollar China.
Shortly you'll see the pre-markets and
the indications as we go into the
Tuesday session. Uh just a couple of
things to note here before we head into
that. The Ministry of Finance out with a
statement here talking about a few
things. Local government financing
platforms will be reformed. Uh they'll
continue to issue uh green sovereign
bonds and also to be China will
accelerate tech selfiance. We'll unpack
that even further once we get more
details and go through. It's a fairly
long statement. In fact, when you look
at the Chinese version of things, uh CSI
300 retent to 1% to the upside. Uh this
is broadly in line with the benchmark uh
on the Asia-Pacific. You are getting of
course the outperformance [music] coming
through in Korea. Anyway, the opening
bell is coming up next.
[music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Counting down to the open of
markets. A few things on deck today. A
ton of earnings coming through, earnings
reaction. Leap motor is one to watch.
We'll have the co-president joining us
in the next hour. Alibaba's in focus
given that overhaul that they talked
about. There's an RBA rate decision.
Majority think they'll hike. There is a
decent minority that say they will hold.
So [music] either way, that's going to
be newsworthy and we're going to see
market reaction. plus of course
everything that's still taking place on
the uh in the Middle East and how that's
affecting should we still call it a
potential summit a summit that's taking
place or do is that going to be
>> I mean there's always the potential for
a summit it's just when it's going to
take place
>> that's true yes [laughter] depends how
long your time frame is
>> exactly just push out the time frame it
does seem like this meeting [music]
between uh presidents Trump and she has
been pushed back it was slated or what
what had been planned for was for it to
[music] kickstart at the end of this
month and go into early April but yes
that's what we've been hearing or
President Trump is saying that he's
essentially asked China to to delay that
just because he's so focused right now
on on what's happening in Iran and
that's certainly the main thing that in
investors are reacting to in the session
today. I think it's really interesting
because we're seeing Asian equities that
are generally higher. Uh you've got
Chinese equities sort of taking their
cues from that as well. But it's all
around this expectation. You're going to
see more oil passing through the
straight of Hormuz even though overnight
you've actually seen Iran striking new
targets across the the Persian Gulf and
hitting a key UAE oil hub. So yes, I
mean certainly a very much alive
situation, one that's developing very
quickly. some of the stocks that we're
tracking today. Uh we're keeping a close
eye on what's happening with the
chipmaker space in particular. Uh given
we had that Nvidia GTC event taking
place and the the company forecasting
very ambitious sales targets uh over the
next couple of years. But we'll leave
that there. Let's switch on and take a
look at what's happening in Hong Kong in
particular because there's a couple of
different stocks we were tracking. Uh
one of those of course is Alibaba today.
We were speaking with Mim just a few
moments ago, but you're seeing that
stock there really one of the big
leaders so far for the tech story today,
but you are up more than 2% this
morning. They're planning a major revamp
around how they essentially run their AI
operations and and very much bringing
that development side into the
monetization side and trying to again
get better ROI out of the investments
that they're making. As we said, chip
stocks are a major watch for us today.
We had that Nvidia event. We can just
look at how some of them are performing
in the session so far. a little bit
mixed. I think the story around Huah
Hong is really interesting because uh
yesterday we actually had a huge run up
in that name. But Huah Hong is an
interesting one because we actually got
this this speculation right now that
they're actually moving towards 7
nanometer technology. Now 7 nanometer
smiC you can see there the third one
down is the other major foundry in
China. They can already produce at that
level but Huah Hong essentially coming
into line. Earnings still the big watch.
Uh Leap Motor, of course you mentioned
we've got that interview with the
co-president Michael Woo coming up in
the next hour. Uh but strong numbers out
of Leap Motor. They've got very
ambitious targets, 1 million vehicle
sales for this year and the company as
well managing to post its first profit.
So you are a little bit higher so far in
the session.
>> Yeah. Okay. Uh so earnings uh I'm just
going to recap for viewers in case you
missed that. So the uh the connection
between the war in Iran and the Middle
East has really now seeped into the um
this summit that we were all counting
down to from of course that initial
meeting back in November. In case you
missed that, that seems like a an entire
universe ago uh in in Korea leading into
of course what still should we still
call that still is a planned summit
between the two presidents. But we
understand now that it seems that the US
president has then asked to for that to
be pushed back given other priorities
are of course taking up his mind space.
Um [snorts] and apart from that I think
we talked about this with Steve too
earlier on. They did meet high officials
top officials in Paris over the weekend
to iron a potential agenda but maybe
also to just get along the same lines
around the fact that might be the best
idea to just maybe delay there we go.
Thank you so much. delayed the summit
because of what's what's taking place
there. Now, does that affect relations,
anything that we were to expect from
that meeting? Um, economic ties,
tariffs, reshoring, that sort of those
sort of themes. Let's talk about how
that affects markets. Right. So, Eric
Wong is with us here on set, CIO of
Still Point Investments, a hedge fund
manager that specializes in greater
China equities. Very nice to see you.
>> Nice to see you all. Thank you for
having me. um if we don't get this
meeting take place, is that a how do how
do you think that affects the trajectory
of markets and everything that we were
hoping to get from that meeting or is it
almost a nothing burger at this point?
>> I think uh the signs that we've seen
from both sides uh seem to point to the
fact that planning for that meeting
continues to take place.
>> Okay.
>> Uh and so at this point it looks more
like a delay. Uh Secretary Besson had
said that it's primarily due to
logistical planning purposes, right? Um
but I think the larger agenda of
reshoring of manufacturing is something
that is one of the biggest shifts taking
place in global industry today and that
uh regardless of whether this meeting
gets delayed or pushed back further is a
larger trend that will continue. Uh
companies are gradually moving their
manufacturing bases closer to where
demand actually is. Right
>> now the ironic part is that uh this
trend is benefiting precision
manufacturers located in China. Uh these
are companies that are producing
equipment
precision components that US
manufacturers need and many of these
companies are actually high-end
industrial companies listed here in Hong
Kong.
>> Yeah. And that's a good point to bring
up in terms of the timing. I mean even
so I think immaculate because people are
now our attention is now focused on
other parts of the world and you know we
tend to be ignoring these things. So
talk to us about when you say reshoring
is that reshoring into the United States
to be clear and what signs are you
seeing for that to be somewhat more
predictable trend? Well, starting with
the first trade war uh in in Trump's
first term, we began to see this trend
of reshoring of manufacturing, but I
think with the onset of tariffs in April
of last year, uh the pace of that
reshoring has accelerated. So, at the
beginning, it was a a local for-lo
manufacturing trend that we were seeing
happening globally. What we've seen in
the last 12 to 18 months is that
reshoring in the United States is
something that has been driving a lot of
manufacturing capacity expansion in the
US. And on the face of it, it looks like
that might be difficult of a situation
for Chinese manufacturers to deal with.
But
>> on the surface on the surface, but
what's interesting is that there are a
cluster of companies that are actually
enabling this expansion of manufacturing
capacity in the United States as well as
other parts of the world. And we think
that those companies stand to benefit
despite the fact that geopolitics,
tariffs, China plus one strategies seem
to make it such that they are dampening
the impact and the scale of Chinese
manufacturing going global
>> and how well let me ask that question
later but uh fair disclosure can you
talk about these companies and do you
own the stocks?
>> Sure. One of these companies uh is
Moramasu International. Okay. uh it is a
builder of modular factories that can be
shipped and assembled anywhere in the
world. So as industries from
pharmaceuticals to new energy materials
expand their manufacturing capacity in
the United States that growth then flows
through to companies like Moramatsu. And
so this is a company where despite that
growth uh it continues to trade at a 10
times PE multiple with a very healthy
free cash flow yield while delivering
EPS growth uh in the healthy double
digit range.
>> Okay.
>> What efforts though is is Moramatsu
making to I guess decouple its China
operations from its US operations? There
are some companies that I've spoken to
in China that that want to be able to
expand into the US, but they're going to
quite extreme measures, I would say, to
to really
ring fence, I guess, their different
operations.
>> I think it varies from industry to
industry. For Maramatu specifically, uh
there are a small scale uh small scale
operations outside of China in Malaysia.
That said, its production base is
primarily in China still. And part of
the reason is that despite the
decoupling that you're mentioning,
Annabel, uh these customers of
Moramatasu are actually willing to take
on the cost of the large part of those
tariffs that have been levied onto
Chinese exports because the cost-saving
opportunity of these modular factories
are so large not in only in terms of
cost but also in terms of time to
completion of building out that
manufacturing capacity. And what gives
you the confidence that they can remain
immune from political winds?
>> I think this is a a company that
actually can take advantage of those
political winds. Right. So uh aside from
just beyond producing just products,
China is actually gradually
manufacturing the excuse me exporting
the manufacturing ecosystem of China to
other parts of the world uh at at this
moment. And these modular factories are
actually an embodiment of that. And so
we think that in this situation, in
these very volatile uh global geopolit
geopolitical uh headlines, this is a
company that is very well positioned to
be able to take advantage of that.
>> Yeah. And I guess you know the part of
the question was to to what extent the
made in China brand becomes an asset and
not liability in this case I guess is
what I want to get. I think what we're
gradually seeing is that made in China
is becoming less of a liability and more
of an asset over time because the
quality of the products as well as the
cost efficiency actually outweigh some
of the costs that have been placed onto
the ecosystem from these tariffs as well
as the uh the uncertainty of global
trade and I think companies are adapting
by shifting their supply chain to other
parts of the world and Moramasu is well
positioned to be able to take advantage
of that trend. Yeah, you certainly see
that trend I think of of manufacturing
China for China, establish a base
usually in Southeast Asia for rest of
world essentially. Uh on this company in
particular, what do you think is the
upside potential here? How much do you
think it's it's undervalued right now?
>> We think it's Yeah, the upside it could
probably trade in the mid- teens from
where it
or it's a seven or eight right now. It
could have the opportunity to trade in
the mid- teens.
>> Okay. Uh what other trends are we seeing
along these lines too? Another company
uh that is an example of this is
actually Impro Precision. What they do
is they export precision components
serving US manufacturers that sell into
downstream industries including
automobiles as well as aerospace and
engines. And what's interesting about
both IMPRO as well as Mormatu is that
they have the opportunity to expand into
the data center supply chain space. One
that you all have been covering through
the QN as well as the Nvidia uh
discussions earlier today. But we think
that that new growth opportunity can
actually allow these stocks to rerate in
terms of growth as well as multiple.
>> All right, Eric, thanks very much for
joining us this morning. That was Eric
Wong there, CIO of Steelpoint
Investments. And coming up, we're going
to be looking at what has been quite an
[music] acute issue across Asia. Private
bankers scrambling to contain client
anxiety. That's
>> Oh no.
>> Well, yeah. I mean, pressure is rippling
through that $ 1.8 trillion market.
We'll get more details on that ahead.
This is Bloomberug.
[music]
All right. Uh, private credits and is
that now affecting public credits? uh my
I wouldn't say it's a stretch. What
we've seen is public credit spreads have
widened. There's also of course oil
prices moving to the upside. So that's
increasing
recession risks moving forward and that
tends to widen risks and the fact that
we're coming from multi-year lows
doesn't help. Uh but the fact is you are
getting a lot more premium being built
in the credit markets and then you add
the private credit worries and then you
have all these headlines coming through.
So you have of course this widening of
spreads and I think Morgan Stanley now
puts that at about 8% as these advances
in AI specifically continue to disrupt
the software industry I think is what
the Morgan Stanley note was specifically
on here but
>> yeah that's right just the amount of
exposure to it uh from private credit
that of course has been really attracted
by those regular high returns over
multiple years so is really piled into
direct lending on that front. But let's
let's bring that back to Asia now
because I think it's also another story
that that the wealth bankers are really
scrambling in the region to try and
contain client anxiety and how much is
that sort of based in reality and how
much is that based in fear I think is
the big question but let's get more with
our Asia credit reporter Trista Shinil
joining us this morning. So Trista yeah
what are you hearing from from the
people that you're speaking to your
sources? Yeah. So in recent year global
asset managers including Blackstone,
Apollo KKR they have raised billions of
dollars for this private credit products
via this wealth channel and this global
asset manager usually distribute this
product via private banks and you know
retail clients in APA actually currently
hold over 48 billion for this asset
class and that number are projected to
rise to over $74 billion by 2028. A so
um that's one of the reason why you know
Asian private bankers in recent weeks
have been quite busy. they, you know,
keep receiving calls from their clients,
uh, you know, ask them to explain what's
going on right now and even need to
fulfill, uh, their clients, you know,
uh, redemption requests. And during our
reporting, we found one thing is really
interesting is that wealthy client this
part of what are especially sensitive to
headlines because for many of them, the
latest jitter seems like that. It's like
sounds like familiar with them because
many of them have been burned by you
know the wipe out of the so-cal um tier
one tier one notes uh during the credits
2023 rescue and more recently those
Chinese developers you know high bounce
default. So for them I mean right now
they the first instinct for them is like
to react fast to play it safe to redeem
first.
>> Yeah. And I think it's it's I think
we're past the point when don't worry
doesn't go as far [laughter] as it
usually does to calm investor fears,
right? So what are asset managers doing
on top of saying don't worry?
>> Yeah, I think asset manager are working
hard in recent weeks trying to hold out
those you know in person events to
explain to private bankers what's going
on like what's their underlying asset
under this portfolios. Basically the the
key message they want to deliver is
still don't panic because for example
the gating mechanism the design of the
gating mechanism is to protect the
long-term return because even though if
everyone rush to redeem the assets and
then the asset manager might need to
fire the asset and inreat cheap you know
price and then in longer term it will
hurt uh the return and it will maybe
prompt more exit.
Yeah, that's that's the that's a cycle
you don't want to get into as well when
they when the bank says your ATM limit
has been shrunk. They haven't closed the
ATM, right? Or the bank that they've
shrunk the limit. Trista, thank you so
much. Trista Sheni Law there of Asia
Credit Report. Something to watch. Of
course, you know, the the reality is
somewhere in the middle of just panic
and
>> uh nothing to see here. Um, and some
other corporate news we're seeing this
morning. Looking at shares of Bright
Smart Securities with the AT group
winning uh regulatory approval there to
complete its purchase of Hong of the
Hong Kong listed brokerage [music]
according to an exchange filing and
completed reporting procedures with the
relevant authorities required for high
value nonsensitive investment projects.
Now the deal is expected to close on
March 30. Uh, Chinese electric car maker
Leap Motor has posted its first annual
profit on strong vehicle sales as it
expands [music] its partnership with
Stellantis. Uh, in a filing, Leap Motor
says it's actively exploring uh,
cooperation on cars and components
[music] to navigate European regulations
and potential tariff exemptions. Leap
Motors net income for 2025 was $78
million and the firm has [music] set a
target of 1 million vehicle sales this
year.
>> Yeah, and you're seeing investors really
liking these numbers because that stock
is up more than 4% as we get into
morning trading. Big interview of course
coming up with Leap Motor in the next
hour. We'll be speaking with Michael
Woo, co-president of that conversation
just ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Well, China's facing a key test as the
nation's AI boom reshapes industries
while putting millions of jobs at risk.
Risk rather. Analysts are warning that
up to 142 million urban jobs could
vanish by 2049. That's due to rapid
AIdriven automation.
>> Yep. Uh, our Midman Low has a lot more
details.
>> That almost looks like me, but it's not.
It's an AI generated video based on a
single screenshot. Tools from Alibaba,
Tencent, Quo are making AI video
generation accessible to millions,
sometimes for free. Our company, I can't
imagine without AI, how can we survive
at the beginning? Without AI, I don't
think our game can actually be done in
one year.
>> It's brought huge productivity gains for
this game developer, but also raised
alarms in the entertainment industry.
Disney and Paramount have accused bite
duns of IP infringement [music] after
its video generator produced near
cinematic scenes from just a text
prompt. The fears that AI could replace
not just mundane tasks, but jobs across
creative industries. [music] the
painting if we use like labor works it's
like 2,000 to 4,000 for [music] one
piece but with AI we only use like
probably two R&B for one piece
>> for policy [music] makers the challenge
is balancing growth we will nurture
emerging industries and industries of
the future
>> with disruption
>> the rapid development of AI is having a
profound impact on employment [music]
>> the China econom Economic Journal
projects that more than 30% of urban
jobs in China could be lost to AI by
2049. That's 142 million jobs. That's a
scenario that could threaten social
stability. Beijing is aiming to create
another 12 million jobs this year with
just as many graduates set to enter an
already slack labor market
>> in finance and IT. If there weren't for
this kind of regulatory barriers, about
30 to 40% of the job could have been
lost right away. If you're thinking
about the automation, they are
replacement of junior roles is already
happening massively in China.
>> That leaves Cinping's government with a
dilemma. China can't afford to fall
behind in its tech ways with the United
States. But the implications of the tech
revolution are far from clear.
>> If we let AI replace the jobs without
taxing the AI appropriately, then then
it can really get to the core of the
consumer economy. And we got to think
about sort of tax policy that is
targeted specifically at what is driving
those job losses.
>> It will be in the regulatory framework
at some point. I just don't see it as a
choice yet because we're at a very early
stage of promoting the application of
AI. So the gray area must be kept uh
actually by a very wide margin. Last
December, state media published a
landmark arbitration case in Beijing
that set some early guard rails.
Dismissing an employee because of AI is
illegal because it's a business decision
for profit, not an uncontrollable event.
That means companies must prioritize
retraining and reassignment before
dismissing an employee. But for now, all
signs at the two sessions suggest the
government is going allin on tech at the
risk of leaving some people behind.
Minman Loang News Beijing.
>> Right. Uh just for a look at markets
right now about 23
minutes uh into the cash market session
here. A couple of tech names. Uh we're
starting this off with in in uh in
Taiwan and some server names there.
Obviously had the annual Nvidia product
um promo and exercise there and
obviously affects a whole gamut of names
across the Asia Pacific. And as you can
see, it's really playing out. It's not
just a $1 trillion uh sales number
that's put out. They've put some meat in
the bones on what their plans are here.
>> Yeah. Well, they've got a very big sales
target, a trillion dollars in revenue
through 2027, making that deeper push
into CPUs or central processing units.
They're also introducing semiconductors
or they've introduced semiconductors
that are made with technology acquired
from the startup Groon. So, it's a
really big focus that we have on
inference now. So essentially the
deployment of AI through through the
ecosystem, but we're also taking a look
at at what else is happening with the
with the automakers because we're seeing
some price hikes actually from the
Chinese EV makers.
>> And you know, this is going to be
interesting because when we tie together
the tech story in Chinese EVs and leap
motors coming up later, right? And I,
you know, one of the things I'm curious
to hear from them is what they're seeing
as far as cost inflation is concerned,
right? everything from memory and I
wonder how they are if they are of
course affected by that by the crunch
we're seeing there. So that's something
I guess if the PR is listening there we
go that's the heads up for you not that
of course that's a secret in the
industry but that's going to come up now
speaking of inference what can we infer
from the data yesterday Chinese consumer
rally is coming up on your screens and
PopMart there we go 4.4% 4% leaning
sportsware maker Muan and Yamchina all
seeing some decent gains right now. Uh
retail sales speed plus the data has
also been uh fairly favorable. Uh before
we just head to the break an update of
Jakarta which comes online in the next
hour. Want to watch plenty more ahead.
This is Bumble.
[music]
Welcome back to the China show. Taking a
look at the Hangen half an hour into the
session and [music] we are moving
modestly. Actually, not even modestly.
We're moving to the upside today. It is
tracking really what's happening in
Asian equities and it comes back down
[music] to this expectation. I do think
it's interesting that you've got a lot
of investors that seem to be thinking
you're going to get more oil being able
to pass through the straight of Humus
even though you saw Iran stepping up its
attacks overnight. But uh we are
tracking this this morning. John Lee for
instance in Hong Kong this morning
giving his annual rather his weekly
briefing but but talking about how Hong
Kong plans to ensure energy supplies
rather also speaking with airlines. Uh
we've been speaking about maybe oil sir
charges being factored into cafe affairs
for instance uh but but trying to stress
reasonable prices of course are the
airlines actually listening? Yeah, I
mean a a glance at I mean don't take my
word for it. Try and book a flight and
and just see what comes up. But I think
it's also I think Cafe had come out in
recent days and said they are looking at
increasing capacity just because of you
know the Middle East as a hub currently
is not as as feasible. So direct flights
to Europe I think are are really where
people are going and that's why you have
this rush too and demand is pushing
across
>> and they've actually hedged you know
they've got their hedging strategy in
place which a lot of carriers in Asia
don't have. Well, I think they learned a
lesson. I think they had a really bad
hedge a few years ago, [laughter] which
then
>> that's a very famous
>> Yeah. Um, learn from your mistakes. The
U Okay. So, what are we seeing as far as
equity markets go, right? So, I think
we've got I mean that the the the
painful analogy here is, you know, we've
somewhat gotten used to risk premiums
being built in. So, every time you get a
window of opportunity when Brent doesn't
act up, you get equity markets starting
to move on price. It's also worth
pointing out the volumes are not heavy
today. So not a lot of people are
convinced of course that you know this
is a window to to buy into 3% on
Samsung. Speaking of oil, oil at these
levels I think last we checked 2 and
a.5%.
We're considering this flat given
intraday swings of recent days have been
of course in the order of about five or
six uh if not 28% at one point of course
I think it was two Mondays ago. Aussie
assets coming up in focus that goes into
the oil story. Do we get a second
straight a second rate hike from the
RBA? Uh the majority says yes, swap say
yes. Although they there is still a
chance that they do do nothing and of
course that will move markets. Minority
of economists do think of course there
is a case to stand pat for now.
>> Yeah, that's right. But I think uh it's
going to be a really interesting meeting
to watch and you've got some banks out
there saying they can hike now and they
can hike again. You know, it's it's it's
you're in a tightening cycle
essentially. RBA caught wrongfooted.
Inflation moving back into target range,
moving out of target range again, it
seems.
>> That's right. It was it is worth
pointing out that the hype conversation
was, you know, well before things kicked
off, of course, in the Middle East
already, right? So, it was already a a
considered move there. Uh so, which is
why I think when you flip the boards,
but remember 4.56% is the three-year
yield. That's about 70 basis points
north of the cash rate. And that spread
hasn't been that wide since the last
hiking cycle back in 2022. So the
markets have telegraphed this move to a
large extent. 1.3% to the upside should
be reversing everything as of the close
yesterday which closed the opposite way.
So yes, this window of rebound is taking
place across uh equity markets right
now. We also have a rate decision coming
through out of the bank Indones out of
Bank Indonesia later today.
>> All right, let's uh get more on the
market activity now and bring in our
managing editor for Asia Equities, Leant
Tingu, joining us from Singapore. So
yeah, it seems like there's a little bit
of exuberance we're seeing across
markets today and and uh lots of
enthusiasm it seems in tech in
particular.
>> Yeah, indeed. I think uh it's a it's a
day where uh people's attention got
diverted to AI related news once again.
I guess there's also a bit of a fatigue
on the heavy news flow from the Iran
war. So yeah, I mean a flurry of news.
Uh we saw uh Jensen Juan talking about 1
trillion chip revenue by 2027. We've
also uh had news about Open AI talking
to form a $10 billion joint venture with
private equity firms and there is also
Meta's big investment into cloud
provider Nebuas. So chip stocks are
quite buoyant as you guys said uh
leading up to to this morning uh and of
course Nvidia itself uh not really doing
too well giving up much much of the
gains that we saw during the US trading
day. It does show that much of the uh
chip demand growth has been priced in
already. But in Asia, just because all
these chip giants have been sold off so
much uh during the last few days, we're
seeing a bigger rebound. Uh and of
course, if you guys want to talk about
Tensen and Alibaba, there's plenty of
optimism there as well.
>> Why why don't we why is that?
>> Yeah, of course. Um you know overnight
we had a good new uh a nice uh Bloomberg
story uh about Alibaba revamping its
tech unit and uh you're seeing uh market
reaction show that investors really like
that and of course Tencent is also
reporting earnings tomorrow Baba
earnings on Thursday uh there's
basically a big sort of catalyst forming
for investors this week it does seem
like while Baba is outperforming today
there seems to be a view that is forming
to show that you know Tensen may
actually pose a big challenge to Alibaba
uh with this open claw deployment
because Tensen can leverage its
everything app WeChat. So if Tensson can
really launch its WeChat native AI agent
to help its billion dollar sorry 1
billion plus users to automate daily
tasks obviously that would mean a huge
market share gain for Tencent. Uh so
that's why you're seeing uh months to
date 10 cents share performance is
actually a lot better than Alibaba. Uh
so a lot to watch out uh for in this
earning season uh coming up.
>> Okay. Uh lots to watch as we make our
way uh into the thick of earnings uh
when those two come out in the coming
days. Lenting, thank you so much,
Lenting to our managing editor for uh
Asia Equities. Speaking of Asia
equities, the price is doing this 1 and
a half% session highs, although volumes
are about 20% lower than this time of
the day. So just uh interpret that the
way you you want to. But yes, prices
there. Conviction maybe not so much.
Okay. Uh the other big story is
potentially a postponement of this big
summit taking place. She and Trump uh
looks like it's in jeopardy. for the
latest. Let's bring in our chief North
Asia correspondent, Steven Angel, here
in Hong Kong with us to talk us through
will it or won't it?
>> You're asking me my opinion? I I don't
think it will go forward at this point.
I think it will be an absolute um face
saving move by both sides because
already Scott Bessant, the Treasury
Secretary, is saying it's a false
narrative if you're believing that uh
Donald Trump is going to be postponing
this because he doesn't get an answer
from Xiinping on whether he's going to
help whether the Chinese are going to
help, you know, safe passage in the
Straight of Hormuz or even uh
potentially send warships of their own,
which I think is is is a bit of a a long
shot to say the least. Um but again, if
that summit does go ahead, uh what are
the deliverables going to be for the two
sides? It will potentially set up for a
failure for both sides. And that's not
what they want. They're supposed to be
signing or at least cementing this truce
and promoting uh some as Scott or
Jameson and Greer talked about uh this
new economic um mechanism uh to
basically
formalize trade relations and economic
relations. That's what he talked about
after the Paris meeting uh with Huli
fun. But all all cards are off the table
if Donald Trump's number one goal right
now is to get his allies and he included
China on board to help calm the
situation in the straits of Hormuz. If
he is on camera with Xiinping in Beijing
and he asks she are you going to support
uh the peace efforts in the straight of
Hormuzin
Ping going to say he's going to say no
>> probably. or if he doesn't say anything,
it's not a win for Donald Trump. So, I
think
>> this is not a situation. It's not a
situation. Your handlers are not gonna
Xinping's handlers are not going to put
him in that situation. And if Donald
Trump is listening to his adviserss,
he's probably not going to put himself
into that situation because it's a
no-win situation.
>> Yeah. And I guess that the fact that
that that that's such concern that this
would be the elephant in the room if not
addressed directly also maybe
underscores just how many deliverables
haven't been agreed on just yet either.
So you mentioned this Paris meeting and
and you have an idea of a trade
mechanism but but what else was
discussed there and would you say any
sort of progress was made in Paris as
well? Well, I think that the fact that
they're talking and they're trying to
reach what James and Greer called a sort
of US China board of trade, as I said,
this mechanism and also the vice
commerce minister, Lie Chong Gang, he he
kind of put it even more vaguely. He
said the two sides discussed the idea of
establishing a working group. Oh boy,
that gets you excited. A working group
that would examine promoting cooperation
mechanisms for bilateral trade
investment. of they have a concept of a
plan of an idea, right? So yes, they're
moving the barl forward to kind of um
formalize that truce that was reached in
December. But again, you're absolutely
right, Annabelle. The elephant of the
room is the war in the Middle East where
China has vast investments and vast
interests obviously as they much of
their oil imports have to pass through
the straight of Hormuz. that would
overshadow everything else at this
point, 2 and a half weeks out from the
planned summit.
>> Yeah,
>> it's not going to happen.
>> Sorry, I go on record. It's not going to
happen.
>> Yeah. I mean, 13 days away and we
haven't had the I mean, give some
context if we could. I mean, you usually
have a ton of low-level talks, mid-tier
level talks, you get to high level just
to iron out everything, but my
understanding is we haven't had that no
that runway.
>> Well, the last state visit by Trump to
China was 2017. He sent his secretary of
state Rex Tillerson. He sent his
commerce secretary to China in the
months leading up to it to build in
those deliverables. Uh this time there's
been none of that other than lower level
officials who are already in Beijing
trying to lay the groundwork. But the
fear from Beijing is that Donald Trump's
spontaneity is going to ruin the planned
orchestrated deliverables of the pomp
and circumstance the padry of state
visit. So what the risks for Donald,
excuse me, the risks for Xiinping, I in
my estimation are much greater to having
that scenario without the deliverables
and the orchestration already put in
place.
>> Fantastic, Steve. Thank you so much.
Steven Angel, our chief North Asia
correspondent, as you just witnessed
there, has of course events from Trump
1.0 uh tattooed in his in his in his
mind there and of course that that
conversation there. Okay. Um just to
recap some of these lines, uh an ongoing
briefing, weekly briefing, John Lee, uh
Hong Kong chief executive discussing two
things relevant to obviously given the
global relevance of things. Number one
is Hong Kong will be ensuring energy
supply amidst what's going on global
energy prices and alongside that is that
they are uh in touch with the airlines
to stress to to to keep airfares within
reason which is I guess something which
underscores of course reality right now.
>> Yeah. All right. From from airfares to
to going a bit back down to earth
because we're going to be speaking with
leak motor of course coming up. It has
just posted its first annual profit on
strong vehicle sales is expanding its
partnership as well with Stalantis.
We'll be joined by the co-president
Michael Woo. That interview [music] is
exclusive and just coming up after this
outbreak. More ahead, this is Bloomberg.
[music]
Taking a look at what's happening with
Leap Motor this morning. That stock is
actually continuing to climb in the
session so far. Leap Motor, one of the
major EV makers in China, just had their
earnings out and actually posting their
first annual profit. So, they're seeing
strong vehicle sales. They're also
expanding their partnership with
Stellantis.
>> Yeah. Uh it's something that they are
actively pursuing right now. in what
specific form that will uh show up of
course is I guess part of the broader
conversation around the company's plans
especially when you talk about uh the
overseas markets joining us exclusively
now from Hjo is the co-president Michael
Wu Michael good morning from Hong Kong
thank you for joining us sir uh doubled
your revenues net profit things on the
surface did seem to go to plan uh what
surprised you the most uh when you look
back at 2025
Yes, good morning David. Um, in 2025,
what I can say is we have steadily
executed our strategy and business. So,
we are on track uh in what we said we
wanted to to achieve.
>> Okay. And then in terms of of looking
ahead then into this coming year, you've
set quite an ambitious sales target.
talk us through that and and also the
likelihood of meeting it because there
are a number of headwinds that that are
facing EV companies still today.
>> Yes, in 2026 our goal is to achieve 1
million units of delivery and keeping
our um you know gross margin 14 to 15%
at that level while achieving
significant profit. Um but the 26
planning is based on our solid
performance in 2025
uh during which we achieved uh first
year ever you know a four fourear
profitability delivered 596,000
units um and also we expanded our
channels both domestically and
internationally. So building on that
foundation in 2026 we're pretty
optimistic uh in um all aspects of our
business sales channels uh gross margin
profitability overseas you know uh
development uh hopefully we can achieve
another solid year for 26.
Yeah, I' I'd really like to hear more
from you across most of those metrics.
And I I understand of course it's 1
million is the is the sales target on a
vehicle basis for for this year. Could
you maybe expound a little bit more?
What have you projected in terms of the
geographical breakdown of of that 1
million?
>> Yeah. uh for the 1 million number uh we
hope to achieve that about 850,000
in China and the rest of 100,000 150,000
will be achieved overseas uh mostly in
the Europe for 26 although we have a
three regions which will launch vehicles
and achieve uh growth of sales including
Asia Pacific and South America.
>> Yes. So, South America, I understand
that Brazil is is a particularly
important market for you there, but also
Chile, Argentina, Ecuador, Colombia. I
mean, there's quite a few. Let's get
back to Europe, though, because the the
partnership with Stalantis is
particularly important in that market.
So, what exactly are you getting from
that? And and what are you giving back
to Stalantis in turn? Where's the
synergy, do you think?
Yes, in Europe we uh we have a great
partner Stalantis and we're very well
positioned. I say in business
development on our side we're one step
ahead uh you know among the competitors.
Uh firstly we've got a lead motor
international the JV uh who has been
handling the sales and also local
productions and other services and
logistic support for the post sales
services. So that's been very uh well
positioned. Um and in addition to this,
we're also talking to Stellantis Group
in other collaboration projects to
deepen our relationship to find more uh
growth opportunities for both of our
companies.
Okay. And Michael, when do we hear the
finality of that, you know, in what
final form that partnership will
eventually become in your platform of
course into that very important market
of Europe? Michael.
>> Yeah, we're in uh multiple discussion
with the group with the Stalantis group.
We hope um we can advance this
discussion quickly and make it to
fruition uh soon. Um
>> are you concerned at all about
geopolitics potentially factoring in or
or being a having a bearing essentially
on the talks? because I mean the
headline today is that the the Trump
sheep summit has been postponed but but
certainly there's still lots of progress
to be made on on the the the
relationship between Beijing and
Washington.
>> Um actually the geopolitical environment
is evolving. Uh some of them we kind of
anticipated
uh for you know like in 2023 when we
forged the partnership with the Stantes.
If you look at the some of the
contemplated uh new European uh
regulation directions such as this IAA
you know industrial acceleration act in
there there there are some discussion
proposals to um to stipulate JVS to be
formed between Chinese companies and
European companies um you know and etc.
So in 2023 when we formed the Stalantis
JV we already got the 51%
uh by Stalantis uh we already got some
of the structure set up. So in a way
today's involvement in the auto business
in the Europe regulatory environment uh
we're pretty uh well positioned you know
we kind of saw this coming you know a
while ago. Obviously you have other
things going on in the world which is
outside our control. So all we have to
do is to find our best way to adapt to
it.
>> Yeah. And I think the point you made
there is that this is a formula that a
Chinese car maker like yourself can
leverage in terms of being able to
largely hedge and shield itself from you
know unpredictable geopolitical
headwinds to have a partner really in
what form? Michael, I I just also want
to ask you about the domestic the
domestic market and you know, we've had
this conversation before around price
trends and pricing. You just mentioned a
few minutes ago that you want to
maintain your I think it's gross profit
margin. I think that's where component
parts go into an accounting perspective.
I'm just trying to rack my brain
accounting 101. But I guess my point is
what are you seeing in as far as
component price pressures are concerned?
Whether that's this rise, this pick up
in lithium prices, batteries, memory,
chips, how are you feeling that
specifically as a company and whether or
not you're going to pass it on to to to
to your consumers?
>> Yes. Um the components some cost has
been uh increased uh in the recent
months and I would have considered this
as a normal business cycle. You know in
our business automobile it's a very long
chain uh complicated um you know uh
industry. So any particular cost
increase will be fitted into the system.
It will be reflected some to some
degrees as a part of the whole eco
systems. So we expect um uh the whole
system will absorb it uh as ordinary
business cycle you know and then cost
increases. We also strive to reduce our
cost by our own R&D uh by supply supply
chain management by innovation um by our
volume growth. So ultimately we will um
be able to you know navigate through all
of this. So whether or not to pass the
cost down to the consumers uh not to not
to a large degree because I said there
are many links and aspects of the
business. So things are evolving. There
are many other cost items. That's cost
reduction. So ultimately we'll have a
quite a stable price levels uh this year
while we're going to achieve um you know
margins achieve our growth.
>> So so Michael just to confirm do you
plan to hike prices on your vehicles at
all?
>> Uh we don't have any plan to hike or uh
to uh change the price systems. Our
price systems has been very steady based
on our you know uh series and plat
platforms of cars. Um we have no
significant change in price systems
>> and and when it comes to to shortage of
chips I know you acknowledged this in
the earnings call last night but you you
you were talking about further enhancing
in-house development. You've just
acknowledged around R&D what can be done
inhouse production as well. But if you
were to look at memory chips in
particular or or chips generally for for
the auto sector, how many moving forward
do you want to manufacture yourself and
how much are you looking to acquire uh
for from other companies? What would be
the breakdown in terms of percentage?
>> Right, the chips have not been uh short
in supply in our case. Um it's been
steady. Uh you know, you hear some cost
increases in memories uh or other uh you
know, basic materials. Uh so um and also
in our case we buy the chips from the
you know um mature suppliers. We have
relationships with the suppliers. So far
has been very steady. We don't expect
any supply issues on the chips.
>> So so then when it comes to to you know
issues around raw materials what's the
biggest challenge that's facing your
business today? Where are you seeing uh
the biggest constraints and and what's
concerning you the most?
Uh in the cost our concern is the
overall cost structure of the entire
vehicle uh including all components all
aspects. Uh you mentioned some memory
some some cost increase in certain
components that is the normal business
that we need to manage. uh we're not too
concerned um you know for say one
particular component's price increase
but we'll deal with it you know we'll
find ways we will you know do the cost
reduction other places uh well you know
and also the most fundamental thing that
works for us is we're growing as we grow
of scale um and a lot of this cost
increases
>> will be absor absorbed and digested
along the way
>> and just a last question on on the gross
profit margin which you've already
touched on I think uh creating a new
high for the business last year at
14.5%.
Given you do have those cost pressures
in place but you are of course expanding
the lineup and and can probably lock in
greater economies of scale. Do you see
that moving higher in 2026 and what's
your target?
uh our near-term target for the gross
margin is around 15% level because our
products are positioned as a good value
affordable good products. So we tend to
we want to reward the consumers
customers with some of our scale and the
cost savings. So in the short term we
will in the short to medium-term terms
will keep um the gross margin at this
level um which is uh good for you know
market uh among the image and reputation
among the consumers but also can produce
us with uh with good profitability. Uh
as I mentioned earlier in 2026 we expect
to achieve a significant amount of net
income. uh you know in 25 we turn net
you know net income positive but in 26
it will be the first year we will have a
sign significant amount of profit in
billions of R&Bs.
>> Yeah Michael I think the message is
getting through to markets um your stock
is up 6% as we speak and by my
calculation that's the biggest could be
the biggest jump going back to August
[snorts] of last year. Michael let's
talk again soon. Um yeah uh net income
substantially rising this year plus of
course sales uh and revenue growth that
the co-president there of Ja Jang Leap
Motor technology Michael Wu there uh
unpacking the latest earnings and a
message really to investors around the
company and around managing the various
components of costs. There we go. Okay.
Um just a reminder of our new online
feature if you want to catch that full
interview we just did with Leap Motor or
others we might have done uh over the
last hours or so. Uh, the Bloomberg
Video Hub. Subscribers can explore live
streaming, news, interviews, [music] and
Bloomberg TV shows, documentaries,
reporter analysis, and much more. Check
it out. bloomberg.com/v [music]
videos. Right. Uh, we'll get you a full
rundown of markets just ahead. [music]
This is Bloomberg.
[music]
It's 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo this morning.
Japanese markets just about to go onto
their lunch break. It's an interesting
story because we actually are seeing the
tech heavy [music] indexes in Japan,
rather in Korea and Taiwan are very much
moving to the outside today. In in
Japan, though, it's looking a little bit
more muted. Yeah, it is. Um I mean the
volumes are not there I think is one of
the takeaways that we've been we've been
told. Um apart from that it's I think
well it's a big central bank week too
right so while we're not expecting most
to move uh the it's pregnant with
possibility in as far as what the
messaging will be around inflation right
that's just way of saying watch the
guidance um uh so okay let's and you
have a bond sale too as well coming
through right u Asia is looking like
this uh when you look across sectors the
Asia dollar index is also coming up to
give you a sense of how currencies are
trading we'll get more on that in a
moment but as you can see It's generally
an up arrow story and it's a nice color
of almost all green which kind of masks
the hedging that's still going on
underneath the hoods and the lack of
volumes which we've talked about at
length already. Uh S&P futures in fact
just to sort of pour some cold water on
the conversation is we're looking at you
know 210 of 1% to the downside.
>> I think just to reinforce what we were
just saying there around tech that's
leading the gains today. I mean you can
see it very clear they're up more than
2% the gauge 2.2% for the IT index. So,
as Leanting 2 was talking to us at the
top of the hour, it's it's not just
optimism around uh the Nvidia GTC event,
very strong sales target into 2027
revenue. They're looking at of around $1
trillion. You've also got some key
earnings that are coming up this week
that you know optimism around China Tech
specifically. We're seeing that big gain
for the Hangen Tech index for instance,
but Alibaba and Tencent that are due to
report their numbers.
>> Yes, I'm looking underneath the hood of
that specific sub index which as Bell is
pointing out right 2.2 2% to the upside.
So [snorts] you're getting Samsung and
TSMC leading that on the far as points
basis is concerned. Xiaomi is actually
not far behind and that is a stock of
course that really led to the downside
as far as the pull into that bare market
on Hangen Tech. It's now leading the
bounce today. It's up 3.5%
shares of Xiaomi. I'm looking for
Tencent and Alibaba and not showing up
in your top 10, but I guess that will
feature really more and more as we make
our way closer to earnings in the next
few days or so. Um but that's just to
say a lots to watch and many many angles
to the tech space here uh in the
Asia-Pacific. It's not an exclusive
conversation around the uh Invidia story
and that supply chain is is concerned.
Okay. Uh the other thing we want to
point out is inflation fuel EMFX net
importer how big your current account is
how much the currency is adjusting to an
implicit
uh stress on the current account in the
Philippine peso is a very good example
of that. In fact, I think you had the
BSP and the central bank coming in being
active in the market as that currency
approached the 60 handle and I think
that's really a convers I mean lots of
conversations coming up across Manila.
Hass Linda of course is there uh leading
our coverage there with many policy
makers and business leaders. So expect
that to feature more prominently the
Philippines in the next few hours or so.
Indonesia is interesting because that is
also very near uh a record low on the
currency front. So, we're really feeling
the stress across these net energy
importing uh currencies are concerned
here.
>> Yeah. Certainly the ones that that are
really more vulnerable, I guess, but
it's it's not just oil that's been hit
hard by the war in Iran areas
also cut output of the world's top
aluminium smelter. Zinc shipments from
Iran have been affected. Helium
supplies, I mean, we're talking about
helium supplies for the semiconductor
industry, but from Qatar also at risk.
Uh the price of tungsten has surged.
That's a key metal actually that's used
in in uh military equipment but uh very
important for manufacturing weapons.
Also a looming shortage in the petroleum
byproduct that's NAPA that's been used
in plastic manufacturing.
on that point actually.
>> Yeah. In fact, we heard earlier from the
South Korean finance ministry which says
it is considering export controls on
NAFTA um amidst this uncertainty over
you know when they'll be able to get
some more supplies from uh the Middle
East. Let's bring in our team to get
into all these various angles and
strands to the story. Let's bring in out
of Tokyo, our Bloomberg equities
reporter Alice French uh to discuss the
impact on Japanese plastics
manufacturers and we also have our
senior industry analyst out of Bloomberg
intelligence, Masahiro Wakasugi, who
covers Asian chip makers for us, Alice.
Yeah, let me start with you. Talk to us
about the plastics angle here.
>> Yeah, I mean so this is all about NAPSA,
right? and the fact that it's becoming
increasingly difficult to get hold of it
as the war continues in the Middle East.
Now, essentially, it's sort of a
derivative of crude oil. You get it from
from refining crude and it's used in I
mean pretty much any plastic product
that you can sort of imagine. So, you
know, lunch boxes, um plastic bottles
right through to sort of electronics and
and even car parts too. And Japan is
looking particularly exposed. South
Korea as well, they get a huge
proportion of their imports from the
Middle East. Japan as well has very
limited stockpiles of this stuff, right?
So only about 20 days worth of reserves
of NAPA compared to over 200 days worth
of crude oil. And we're already seeing
this play out in some parts of the
equity market. You know, some uh food uh
sort of food container makers, their
stocks have really been plunging in in
the past couple of weeks. And I think
this is one of those one of those issues
where we're really starting to already
see it play out sort of in real life,
right? I think the crude oil price spike
can feel a little bit abstract, but this
is something that will start to feel
sort of really close um I think in in
the next few weeks and maybe even
months.
>> Yeah. And then I think it's that
question as well as you go downstream,
what are the sectors or the individual
businesses that are going to be bearing
the brunt of this? It's really seems
very widespread actually.
>> Absolutely. I mean just yesterday we
heard that Shinetsu chemical here in
Japan is going to be raising prices of
PVC um partly because of this Napa
shortage. Of course the prochemical
firms are really you know at the
forefront of this and we've seen several
companies over the past couple of days
announcing that they will be cutting
output at their plants but yeah further
downstream as you say of course pretty
much anyone that makes plastic. So that
you know it it spreads to things like
tech. It could spread to things like
autos. I think you know consumer we know
here in Japan of course people love
their their bento boxes. Uh we love the
you know the uh you know plastic bottles
from from the vending machines too. So I
think consumers will start to feel this
soon with with higher prices. But the
question really becomes when we can't
get hold of it anymore. What do we use
as an alternative? Right. The US does
use ethane. Um but very few plants here
in Japan are sort of set up to use that.
So, it could end up becoming, I think, a
huge kind of in in the supply
chain.
>> Even that plastic that feels to me like
a Rubik's cube that you're trying to
disentangle when you're trying to get an
agiri. Um, which I I guess to the point
you're just making, there's a lot of
plastic that goes into the packaging in
Japan. Alice, another question for you.
How else is this going to play out in
Japanese markets? What else should we be
paying attention to?
Well, I mean, look, if we look at the
market today, we're actually having an
upday and shipping companies are really
strong, right? Of course, um higher
container rates because of of those
disruptions in the straight of have
really been helping the shipping
companies. Energy firms have been seeing
some some boost. We've got the trading
companies up again today because of
higher energy prices. So, there are
those bright spots there. But, I think,
you know, we we have been seeing some
caution playing out in the tech space.
Of course, you know, those AI and chip
names had been bought up a lot sort of
in the first couple of months of the
year. We know that, of course, helium is
also being impacted by this war and that
that could weigh on chip supply. And as
we move into this, you know, bilateral
meeting with Takayichi and Trump later
this week, there's a lot of caution
moving into that. Will Japan end up
sending ships to the region or not?
That's a big question. That could be a
tailwind for defense stock. So, we'll
have to see how how things play out.
Masahiro, let's bring you in here
because yeah, I mean we've been trying
to sort of calculate the the risk for
the semiconductor sector in particular
and trying also to understand you know
which I guess there's many different
parts of the supply chain that are based
in in Asia. You've got sort of the
equipment makers materials in Japan and
and TSMC of course more focused on the
foundaries and then you've got the likes
of SKH uh Samsung as well. How exposed
do you think the Korean names are
looking right now?
>> Uh yes. Uh I think that the company you
know uh the memory chip makers in South
Korea uh all you know uh chip makers
have to use the some kind of gases you
know imported from the Middle East uh
originally from you know middle middle
east. So uh you know the some companies
may have to be prepared for the some
cost hikes uh but uh in terms of the
impact of the operating margin uh we
calculated that uh probably even though
the cost hike uh could be you know
something like you know twice and 100%
increase even in that case the uh impact
on operating margin could be just 10%
point because the you know the cost
composition is you know pretty much low
about uh 10% of total uh revenue. So uh
in the case of the cost hikes uh the
memory chip maker could absorb but uh if
we see that some kind of the maybe you
know operation of the factories are
halted in that case the impact could be
quite large.
>> Yeah. And I think if there any two
companies globally that I think have
pricing power it's probably these two
that can pass that on. uh Masahiro and
you know that then goes into the other
story which we're talking about which is
the Nvidia event and their push into a
Gentic AI. What have you penciled in as
the potential
uh upside as far as SKH Highex and
Samsung revenues are concerned?
Uh yes uh yes we had a quite a bright
story uh from Nvidia and uh actually uh
you know their revenue target 1 trillion
US dollar is good for the memory chip
companies. So uh revenue growth for
Nvidia means the revenue growth for the
you know SK Hinx and Samsung electronics
and Nvidia is focusing now now the uh
demand shift uh from AI uh training to
AI inference and also agentic which
means that the demand for the not only
HBM but beyond HBM for the conventional
DM and also nonfresh memory uh this
demand will increase going forward. mod.
So, uh that should be the really good
not only for SK Hanks which really which
is really good for the uh HPM but SK uh
uh Simson Electronics is really good at
conventional DM as well as non flash
memory and more importantly SK9 highix
has a subsidiary of you know solid in uh
in the US and uh I think that these two
uh companies as a group can maybe
benefit from the uh this kind of AI
inference or agent authentic revolution
going forward.
>> I wonder as well if you can comment on
on Samsung's debut at the event because
they did actually show for the first
time this new HBM4E
chip u and also unveiled some new
packaging technology. This is hybrid
copper bonding in particular. How
important is that for the company do you
think? And and I guess where does it sit
within the broader industry?
Uh yes uh Samsung seems to be gaining
the its presence in the HBM market and
uh it was a bit lagging behind but uh I
think that uh Samsung electronics
overhauled its production system for the
uh HBM product. So I think that the that
company could be the uh second supplier
for the uh upcoming HBM 4 and uh if we
go to the HBM 4E uh the spec will be a
bit more you know a bit tighter going
forward and in that case Samsung new
technology like uh you know hybrid
bonding could help it gain some market
share in the HBM market
>> team thank you Masahir Wakasugi there
out of Bloomberg Intelligence Alice
French our reporter of course in Tokyo
for us. Thank you also Alice for
sticking around a few more minutes. Uh I
do recommend of course our viewers to do
check out Alice's story today. The
shortage of this NAFTA threatens the
supply chain chaos in [music] uh in in
Japan. A look at markets very briefly.
We'll take a short break and we'll be
back in a couple of minutes. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
All right. So, it's actually a really
busy week of central bank meetings. You
got the RBA coming up first today, but
through the week, you've got Bank
Indonesia we've been talking about.
You've got the Fed, of course, all
important. BOJ, BOE, ECB, Taiwan. It's
it's it's jam-packed essentially, but I
think the RBA is going to be the first
of course to deliver a decision since
the war in Iran began. So that is going
to be really closely tracked, giving us
sort of I guess an early gauge of of how
how policy makers are thinking about
potential stagflationary impacts. But
but really out of all the economists
that we surveyed, the majority are
expecting a hike. Uh so let's uh talk
about why exactly we're seeing that
happening because of course the RBA has
sort of been caught wrongfooted both on
inflation coming into into the target
and then again moving out of it it
seems.
>> Yeah. Let's get the context here. So
most think they will uh there's a
decentsized minority think that the wise
thing to do is be patient and hold. Uh
Swatty Pandi is with us. Our
Asia-Pacific
economic reporters with us out of
Sydney. Uh yeah, for give us a give us a
preview on what the important sort of
nuances are here.
>> Yes, the RBA is like you said widely
expected to raise interest rates today
because inflation was already a problem
in Australia even before the war began.
Uh in February when the RBA released its
macroeconomic forecast, it had predicted
inflation would peak at 4.2%. Now
remember their target is 2 to 3%. So
4.2% 2% was already high and now
increasingly economists are saying that
with oil prices going up that peak could
hit 5% or even more. So with uh
inflation expectations uh the fear fears
that inflation expectations could become
unanchored if the RBA sat on its hand uh
it is looking really likely that the RBA
uh would deliver a backto-back uh hike
today. The job market in Australia is
also pretty tight. Uh so um unemployment
is quite low and the RBA has repeatedly
said that demand is in excess of the
economy supply uh capacity to supply. So
overall even before the war began, it
did look like an economy that was um
running hot and inflation was already
high. The question is if the RBF would
have still delivered a hike if the war
hadn't happened.
Can you share some details and and maybe
some context for people that are outside
of Australia? Do you think that there's
a perception that the RBA has mismanaged
the situation or do you think that the
way that the economy has responded to to
the different moves on rates has caught
everyone by surprise?
>> That's right. So when the inflation
outbreak happened after COVID lockdowns,
um Australia was one of those uh like
few central banks or maybe the only
central bank which increased interest
rates slower than its counterparts and
also did not take interest rates as high
as others did and it was still able to
bring inflation down. uh but inflation
did not really come inside the midpoint
of its uh did not hit the midpoint of
its target band uh and even even when
that didn't happen the RBA started
cutting again it did not cut as much as
others did and it was very slow and
cautious on the way up and it was very
slow and cautious on the way down now
the RBA strategy was of what it says
narrow path which was uh preserving
labor market gains while bringing
inflation down. Uh we asked the governor
Michelle Bulock uh after the February
rate hike if she considers the strategy
to be uh fine like to be still valid and
and she expressed confidence in that
strategy and uh she said they don't want
to bring uh bring volatility in the
economy and the fact that the labor
market remains tight a lot of people are
still employed uh employment growth is
decent in the country Um all of all of
those reasons are why they think their
strategy is fine. Um and uh and they and
like yesterday uh Westpak which is one
of Australia's biggest banks, their CEO
said that uh the economy can withstand
two more interest rate hikes. So it
probably shows that the economy is in a
good position u with this strategy that
the RBA adopted.
>> Swipy, thank you so much. much ahead of
the RBA uh in about an hour and a half
from now in Sydney for us. The other one
is we're talking about is again uh the
energy price inflation showing up in
elsewhere in the region in the case of
the Philippines. When you look at it
from the perspective of buyers who are
having to use a currency that is near
the weakest on record, buying oil that
is above a 100 bucks, you effectively
get a price that is near records anyway.
And we're getting u from the deputy
governor of the central bank speaking
right now that they are talking and
looking at the spillover effects of oil
prices. We did get the governor
yesterday saying that they were actually
intervening in the markets when the peso
was nearing that 60 handle.
>> Yeah. Now let's actually talk take a
look.
Let's take a look at the impact of the
Iran war because it's also as you said
looming large over the invest summit or
Philippine summit that opens today in
Manila. Our insight anchor Hinder Armin
is at the event and joins us now. So
Haz, this is going to be of course I
would say pretty much factoring into
every conversation you're going to be
having on the ground today.
>> Well, that's right, uh, Belle. I mean,
as much as we're keeping an eye on the
RBA, we're also keeping an eye on a BSP.
As Dave mentioned, we had the BSB
intervening, propping up the currency as
it headed towards that, you know,
psychological level of 60 per US dollar.
The thing is some expecting the currency
to still breach 60 if oil prices
continue to hover at $100 a barrel.
Remember that we heard from the BSB
governor himself saying that if oil does
reach 100 and stays there, it could
prompt a tightening policy. Uh that is
pivotal and that is what we're watching
for. The other thing about the Iran war
is the implications on remittances. We
have millions of Filipinos working in
the Middle East, the likes of the UAE uh
as well as Saudi Arabia and Dubai. They
send home 600 million pesos every year.
That is about 8 to 10% of GDP, 25%
of inflows, crucial for households in
the country, crucial for consumption,
crucial for growth. So those are the
factors that we're watching out for. So
in our conversations today, we'll be
asking the questions on, you know,
measures that could mitigate the impact
from high oil prices that could help uh
the Philippines revive its economy.
We'll be speaking to, of course, the
finance uh secretary of the country. Uh
Frederick go, this is his first
interview since he took over that
position back in October. We'll ask him
whether or not the BSB needs to be even
more aggressive in uh protecting the
currency. Might there be an offcycle
meeting that could help prop up the
currency? We're also speaking to the
largest conglomerate here in the
country. We're talking about SM
Investments, the vice chair, Tessy
Coson. Well, joining us. Of course, this
is a company which a lot of interest
including in retail, in banking, in
property. We'll ask her if her business
are getting impacted uh by the Iran war.
and we'll be speaking to the boss of the
uh Philippine stock exchange to get his
take on how he can prevent that foreign
outflows which we have been seeing uh
for a very long time. Plenty more ahead
of course coming up in our meaningful
conversations hopefully on Insight for
the next two hours Dave.
>> Oh no doubt they will be. Uh Haz, thank
you so much. We'll be back with Haz in a
couple of minutes here. A look at
markets across the region. Uh we'll take
a short break. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Right. Rally across Chinese tech names.
Alibaba leading some of the gains right
now. 3% to the upside. Plus the other
bigger movers across your screens. Mtoan
is also catching quite a strong bid.
Tech stocks in focus, chip stocks too
across the region, including those uh in
South Korea on the back of the Nvidia
story that tailwinds we're feeling from
that part of the world. On top of this,
we're counting down to a great decision.
>> Yeah, such a big week for central bank
decisions, but the RBA is coming up
ahead of the Fed, the ECB, the the BOJ.
I mean there's a lot more but but really
the big watch here is going to be how
exactly policy [music] makers are
thinking about the possible
stagflationary impact of high energy
prices. Most economists that we've
surveyed are expecting a [music] hike uh
from the RBA. So we get that decision in
just over half an hour from now. But
that's it for the China show insight
with Hass Linda [music] Arm is next.
Stay with us.